README.md, before:

Stardew Valley NPC Gift Taste Helper
====================================

This mod displays a helpful tooltip that shows an NPC's favourite gifts when hovering over their birthday on the calendar.
This works with both the calendar furniture item that you can have in your house, as well as the calendar on the billboard in town.

Note that it currently does not include the two universal loved items, but may in the future.

![Preview image](https://i.imgur.com/3fMijhc.png)

## Requirements

This mod works with the most recent version of Stardew Valley as well as the 1.07 beta.

This mod requires [SMAPI](https://github.com/ClxS/SMAPI) to run. It currently works with versions 39.3 to the latest (39.5).

If you are unable to update SMAPI due to existing mods breaking then you can get the SMAPI 39.2 compatible version [here](https://github.com/tstaples/GiftTasteHelper/releases/tag/0.9).
Just note that this version will be less likely to be maintained in the future. I still highly recommend updating SMAPI to the latest version if possible.

## Installation

1. Download the latest release [here](https://github.com/tstaples/GiftTasteHelper/releases).
2. Unzip the contents into your Mods folder which is located in the same directory as your Stardew Valley.exe and StardewValleyModdingAPI.exe.

To uninstall this mod you can simply delete the "GiftTasteHelper" folder from your Mods directory.

## Future Features

- Displaying the tooltip when hovering over the gift icon in the social tab.
- Display more than just loved gifts (if I can find a way to do it without clutting the UI).

Commit message:

updated readme with updates and new info. also added images to repo.

README.md, after:

Stardew Valley NPC Gift Taste Helper
====================================

This mod displays a helpful tooltip that shows an NPC's favourite gifts when hovering over their birthday on the calendar.
This works with both the calendar furniture item that you can have in your house, as well as the calendar on the billboard in town.

Note that it currently does not include the two universal loved items, but may in the future.

![Calendar preview image](images/calendar_example.png?raw=true)

*NEW*: tooltips now appear on the social page thanks to [dreamsicl](https://github.com/dreamsicl)!

![Social page preview image](images/social_page_example.png?raw=true)

## Requirements

This mod works with the most recent version of Stardew Valley (last tested with 1.1).

This mod requires [SMAPI](https://github.com/ClxS/SMAPI) to run. The lastest version it was updated for is 1.2.

~~If you are unable to update SMAPI due to existing mods breaking then you can get the SMAPI 39.2 compatible version [here](https://github.com/tstaples/GiftTasteHelper/releases/tag/0.9).
Just note that this version will be less likely to be maintained in the future. I still highly recommend updating SMAPI to the latest version if possible.~~

## Installation

1. Download the latest release [here](https://github.com/tstaples/GiftTasteHelper/releases).
2. Unzip the contents into your Mods folder which is located in the same directory as your Stardew Valley.exe and StardewValleyModdingAPI.exe.

To uninstall this mod you can simply delete the "GiftTasteHelper" folder from your Mods directory.

## Future Features

- ~~Displaying the tooltip when hovering over the gift icon in the social tab.~~
- Display more than just loved gifts (if I can find a way to do it without clutting the UI).
- Add config options to enable/disable showing the tooltip in the calendar/social page.
- Add config option to change tooltip to only show known gifts.
